Okay,
guys,
welcome to the second lecture in this bonus section where we're gonna have a look at all
the keyboard shortcuts.
Now,
one of the first things that we looked at was outing at Excel to automatically populate a
bunch of data if it was a natural sequence,
which is names of the week.
So if I type Monday in there,
you'll remember that we use the drag handled.
Now,
if we hover over the bottom right hand corner of the cell that we've selected,
we can see that the curse of changes and if we left,
click and drag down,
we automatically get Excel to fill that sequence in forest automatically.
So if you type in days of the week or months of the year,
just type your first entry,
select the drag handle and drag either down or across,
up or to the left,
and it will automatically populate that secrets for you.
OK,
so use the drag handle tow automatically populate Natural sequence is now the second use of
the drug handle.
If you already have data in a column,
is if you type January in this column here now because we already have some data in this
column.
Excel knows how far we want to go down.
Naturally,
we don't have to drag it.
It will automatically work it out by find in the last cell immediately to the left.
So the other use for the drag handle when you already have data is again hover over it.
But this time,
instead of dragon,
just double click,
and it will automatically fill that sequence down as far as your data set goes.
OK,
so we'll run the subject of double clicking.
Let's just type a number in there now.
This could be any value or any formula and again to get excels copied all the way down to
the bottom of your data Set,
double click,
and they will automatically populate down for us,
far ritual data goes,
so double clicking will automatically copy all of that down.
As far ritual data set goes now because we type two number in there.
That wasn't a natural sequence,
so Excel just repeated the number again and again and again if we actually wanted to say
put the five times table in.
What we need to do is give Excel couple of values so we can recognize the sequence and this
time just left,
click and drag over the two values that you've entered.
So now Excel can spot the sequence,
and this time,
if you double click,
it will automatically populate the rest of that sequence naturally.
So there you go.
That's how you quickly get the five times table.
Just hit five and 10.
Highlight the to double click the drag bar,
and it will automatically populate the entire sequence down for you.
The other thing we looked at was copying right,
and that's very simple to do.
The keyboard shortcut is control and are so what this is going to do?
It's gonna look at this cell and automatically populate this cell with its value,
so control and are fills right.
They can do one at a time.
Control when are or he wanted to do bunch of day to just highlight all of your blank cells
,
hit control and are,
and they go copies everything right,
and similarly,
you can copy down using control and D,
and they noticed that that it didn't extend the sequence.
Control and day literally will copy the cell immediately above paste into the cell you've
selected so Control and D copies down and again.
If you wanted to do a few cells,
you could just highlight them by holding the shift.
Hit Control and D and they go,
you copy down.
Okay,
so that's a use the auto fill sequence that's a use.
The drag handle tow automatically populate a bunch of cells,
and that's a use control and are to copyright on control and D to copy.
Down right,
Let's have a look at cutting,
copying and pasting so you'll remember.
If we wanted to copy all this data,
we can just left click and drag over it,
hit control and see on control and see copies.
And then we could come over to our first blank column.
Now we have two ways of getting the data in here.
Notice that we have dancing ands in the data we've just selected in column C,
and if we wanted to just paste it once,
weaken,
just hit,
enter and they go.
We've successfully copied that data and pasted it somewhere else.
But we have two options of paste in the data,
and we can hit control and see again to copy it.
And instead of hitting,
enter I'm gonna hit control and V to paste.
No notice that the dancing ounces still appearing around the data in column C.
What that means is that that's been retained to the clipboard.
So if I was to select the next cell along and hit control on via gain,
I can copy it again,
and I can keep doing this for as often as I want to.
So while the dancing answer there and I hit,
control them.
V.
We can always keep copying the data because it's been retained in the clipboard.
If you want to get rid of the dancing honest after you've copied it a bunch of times and
pace it a bunch of times just hit the escape key.
So the difference between Control and V and enter is when you it's enter,
it empties the clipboard,
and you can only paste it once if you want to paste it multiple times hit control and the
which is a keyboard shortcut for paste.
Now the other thing we looked at was how to cut data and cutting.
You'll remember,
cuts the data from the original place and puts it somewhere else,
so you actually delete the data that you're cutting on the keyboard.
Shortcut for cut is controlling ex and X looks a little bit like a pair of scissors.
That sounds remember the difference on again.
Just click over to your first blank cell hit Control and V,
and you can paste it in there or simply can just press enter.
That will also paste it in there.
So control and X cuts the data which removes it from its original place and allows you to
put it somewhere else.
OK,
that's cutting.
Copying on paste in.
Okay,
never gonna have a look at the keyboard shortcuts for format in and those that these cells
just up here.
So they're very easy to remember.
If you hover over them,
you'll remember that your tool tip will always tell you in brackets what your keyboard
shortcut is on.
These three of really simple to remember to make something bold hit control and be because
bold begins with be nice and easy if you want to make something italicized hit control and
I,
which is very simple to remember a game because italics begins with I and if you want to
underline something hit control and you because underlined begins with you.
And you can have any combination though.
So if you wanted to have something in bold and italics let me just move the cursor.
You can hit control and be on control,
and I on it will have it in bold and italics.
And if you wanted to finish yourself by underlining it hit control and you And there you go
.
You get all three formats so control and be make something bold because bold begins with
big control.
And I make something in italics because italics begins with I and to underline something
control and you because underlying begins with you okay,
early.
We also have a look at what we did if we made a mistake and we used the undo button,
which was this one just up here.
But you'll remember if we hover over,
it's a game.
We can see that the keyboard shortcuts his control ends end.
And that's because it on does whatever we've just done.
So to undo the things that we've just don't we applied some formatting it.
Controlling zed on that will automatically let you undo whatever you just did.
If you've made a mistake,
okay?
So the keyboard shortcut for undoing is control and said,
If you decide that you actually didn't make a mistake and you want to redo what you've just
done again,
if you're not sure of what the keyboard shortcut is,
just hover over the redo and you can see that you get the tool tip,
which tells you the keyboard shortcut just up there and control.
And why allows you to redo what you've just done.
So the easy way to remember that will release the way I remember that is by saying yes,
I actually did want that after also controlling Why is yes,
I did want that.
After all.
Okay,
when you're working with large data sets,
you may want to instantly locate a particular piece of data.
So for argument's sake,
let's imagine that we wanted to find Saturday in our data set is quite easy to say at the
moment.
It is quite small,
but the keyboard shortcut for finding you wouldn't be surprised to hear,
because find begins with F is controlling F on that will bring up this dialog box just here
,
and you can see that we've already typed in Saturday,
Saturday on do you can hit find next and it will automatically skipper and spreadsheet
highlight each instance of that entry in there.
There's another thing you can do here,
and that is hit the replace,
which will allow you to replace something with something else.
So if I wanted to replace all of Saturday's with apples,
I just type apples in here.
I could type anything,
let's say or in just I don't know why we replace ancestor today with oranges.
If you want to do them all at once.
Hit Replace all.
If you want to do the 12 time just hit,
replace and it will go through them in sequence.
Let's just replace all on.
There you go.
We're done so to find something.
The keyboard shortcut is control and F because find begins with F and if you wanted to
instantly have it so it opens up with this.
Replace dialog box highlighted control and H An easy way to remember that is have begins
with H,
and you may want toe have something in place of something else.
So control and F find control,
and h that you have something so you can replace okay and the final few just to control
Excel on its own,
we could use a couple of other keyboard shortcuts.
And if we wanted to open a new file,
we could hit the keyboard shortcut control and end on that will automatically open a new
instance of Excel.
So if you want a new workbook control and en will give you a new workbook because new
begins with n nice needs to remember when we just close that to get it out of the way.
If you want to open an existing workbook because open begins with O,
you can hit control and oh,
and that will bring up your open dialog box.
And you can instantly click any of your other files there to open them.
So control and oh,
opens a new workbook.
You'll remember that we already looked at Control and P,
which opened the print dialog box because print begins with P.
So Control and P brings up your print dialog box and finally one that we didn't Look,
I don't think was controlling s,
which is to save your work now,
because I haven't actually saved this yet.
It will automatically bring up to save as dialog box.
But when she work has been saved.
And you successfully renamed your file control and s will automatically save your workbook
.
Okay,
so they go,
there's a bunch of keyboard shortcuts.
Please.
If you have any easier ways to remember these open suggestions,
please drop me an email and I'll happily amend this thing if if you come up with a much
better way than I did.
So there you go.
You've made it to the end of the course of if you had some fun I hope you will enter north
a lot of stuff.
And I look forward to seeing you in the next course Thanks alot.